{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red23\green23\blue23;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18220\viewh13520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 MolecGeom\ulnone \
\
Here, MolecGeom is a variable that specifies the intramolecular nuclear positions of any polyatomic molecule. Furthermore, BL 1, BL 2, BL 3 \'85, are the terms used to describe reference geometry bond lengths, while ANG 1, ANG 2, ANG 3..., are the variables used to describe the reference geometry bond angles for any polyatomic molecule. The following input, BL 1, RS, RE, INC, where BL 1, the reference geometry bond length 1 from the polyatomic molecule in question, is placed in this slot. RS translates to range start, meaning the value of the increment above the reference geometry bond length where the iterations begin, while RE is defined as range end, meaning the value of the increment below the reference geometry bond length where the iterations end. Lastly, INC, is de-fined as increment, meaning the number of times the specified RS and RE should step up or down and calculate the corresponding geometric parameters. Lastly, the output produced is formatted in Output 1. Following the calculation, another short series of steps is completed to ensure all points produced are unique with respect to the molecular point group symmetry. This is accomplished by querying Mathematica for the dimensions of the geometric output. These dimensions are then multiplied and placed into a variable x. This variable is then used to reshape the array, and then any duplicate points are deleted. This finalized set is then exported into a text file for further implementation.  Note to run this code a license to Mathematica is required.\

\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \'93Algorithmic Design of Geometric Data for Molecular Potential Energy Surfaces\'94, A. R. Cruz and W. C. Ermler, Algorithms, Vol. 16, No. 6, 2023. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nam11.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdoi.org%2F10.3390%2Fa16010006&data=05%7C01%7Cahyssa.cruz%40utsa.edu%7Ca78460791def4d2a284a08db4767d42c%7C3a228dfbc64744cb88357b20617fc906%7C0%7C0%7C638182283487727447%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=Vu66fLR4T4ZhG%2BDM%2BKZAzXOsYdJWhb3UqZGfsk%2FYa5g%3D&reserved=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc4 https://doi.org/10.3390/a16010006}}}